---
Title: Week5
layout: post
author: luke.wang
permalink: /Week5/
source-id: 1Fw3rQk-AgODf4rHItagAibiMoBRT-fwVjYj3xQtcbuA
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Title</th>
    <td>Week 5</td>
    <th>Date</th>
    <td>18/02/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Starting point:</th>
    <td>Just finished 1.5</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Target for this lesson?</th>
    <td>To have got on to using the wires & LEDs</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</th>
    <td>yes, partially</td>
  </tr>
</table>

<table>
  <tr>
  <th>Lesson Review</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>
    I learned, as usual, by following the instructions on the manual. I learned the difference on strings and variables. I also, this time, just wrote out all the coding, and when there was an error or a bug, I went to the line the error was on , and also went through all my previous work on the stage. this proved to be a much more efficient method, aswell as being more effective to some extent.
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>
    Unlike Last time, as I mentioned before, I managed to work a little quicker because I had a more efficient method. However, my learning was limited more because I couldn't get my LED light to turn on, because the picture on the manual wasn't very clear. I later had an idea of what was wrong, when I went back through the manual to see If there was anything I missed,  and saw that it had instructions on it, but was nothing like the picture on the manual. This, however, is yet to be proven as it was the end of the lesson when I saw it.
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>
    Next time I will follow the instructions on the manual a bit more carefully, and I will have more time to do things differently.
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>
