---
Title: Week3
layout: post
author: luke.wang
permalink: /Week3/
source-id: 1Fw3rQk-AgODf4rHItagAibiMoBRT-fwVjYj3xQtcbuA
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Title</th>
    <td>Week 3</td>
    <th>Date</th>
    <td>18/02/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Starting point:</th>
    <td>halfway through 1.5</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Target for this lesson?</th>
    <td>To have got on to 2.1 and to have learned what 'HVTAB' meant.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</th>
    <td>No</td>
  </tr>
</table>

<table>
  <tr>
  <th>Lesson Review</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learned that I could create very fast animations, aswell as changing the font size, colour and the page colour in the middle of asking the questions. I learned this by following all the instructions in the manual aswell as re- reading everything I wroteto understand what was going on and checking if there were any mistakes or errors along the way. this proved quite effective, but the reading made it slightly less efficient. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning was the fact that I, as I wrote in the box above, re- read everythin I put during the lesson. This slowed me down a little, and despite the checkin, I still managed to get a few bugs during the game. This limited my learning a bit. On top of all of that, I kept playing the game I created to check if there were any flaws, which took a long time as there were many routes that I could have gone. This blocked my way to getting onto my target. I also didn't fing out what 'DEFCHAR' means, because I didn't concentrate on that and focused on the code. Mr ampa-korsa also checked our blogs at the begining  which slowed us down a little. 
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will try to code a little faster, aswell as not checking as slowly, because I can understand it while coding, and it will tell me where I went wrong if I forgot to put something.</td>
  </tr>
</table>
